hey guys welcome back to the runescape
video and once again is going to be an
07 runescape money making guide so what
I'm going to be doing today is showing
you a money-making method that
absolutely has no requirement whatsoever
don't require me you do need of course
is starting cash and as long as you have
that you good today though it's a very
easy method not much is involved append
measures running back and forth and it's
very very simple I would understand if
you guys got a bit bored of this method
but we're going to be doing today is
doing it for as long as we can so today
we're going to be tanning hides it's
very easy to find out which heights will
give you the most profit it doesn't
really mean that the highest height will
give you the most profit it's never
really like that but today though funny
enough black dragon hides and tanning
them will give me at least the best
profit and i'm looking at about 470,000
profit per hour which is not that bad
whatsoever the only problem with this
method though is that every single day
prices change often I was told yesterday
that green dragon hide made you 570,000
profit an hour but then as many people
did it because it was the most
profitable it then dropped another most
profitable is black dragon hide it
constantly changes and if you don't know
already there is four hides you can turn
for a decent amount of profit that's the
green dragon hide the blue dragon hide
the red dragon hide and the black dragon
hide tanning every single one because
you're twenty gph doesn't matter if it's
green or blue or black you know though
costs exactly the same price but one of
the things you got to do before trying
out this method is figure out which one
we're making them most profit and to be
able to work out the prices is actually
very simple we have to do before doing
this method is go to the grand exchange
and what i did today was I went you can
see how much profit you can make between
the Green Dragon height and the green
dragon hide leather and today the exact
difference was 189 gb- 24 the tanning
which made it down to 169 but then I
went on to go and check out the blue
dragon height and the exact difference
between the dragon height and the
leather was 180 which meant that I would
currently make more profit with the
green dragon hide then I went on into
the red which are once again I checked
out the price for the red dragon hide
then the red dragon hi leather and the
exact profit was to enjoy night but then
minus the 20 was 186 and the final one I
did was the black dragon hide and I
noticed that the Prophet was a not a lot
higher but slightly higher by about 20 g
ph which means that if you can do about
a thousand eight hundred to two thousand
hour you're looking at a good forty to
fifty thousand extra profit so even if
it's only slightly different always do
the one that gives you the most profit
but also keep in mind that even though
the guide price might show that one will
make more profit than others for example
if I went in to go and sell the black
dragon high today I would actually be
looking at about 580,000 profit because
you can actually none instant Buy and
then none instant sale which will get
you always more profit so make sure to
always be doing there that would
definitely increase your profit are now
about a hundred thousand so whenever you
finish this method never go to the grand
exchange and instantly sell by one
instantly and whatever you bought dad to
sell it one GP lower your whole stack
and it should so after about half an
hour by doing that you would make an
extra hundred thousand you know per hour
so it's definitely worth it and an extra
hundred thousand you could buy yourself
a lot more high to the next hour so keep
that in mind because it can come in very
handy so just to recap if you always do
the one that makes you the most profit
and I have noticed that it tends to be
about 500,000 profit power of course it
does vary a lot but that kind of wraps
up this whole method so thanks i was
watching if you have any questions
please just put it down below if you
want to suggest a method you can also do
it down below and if i do use your
method i will give you a shout out and
don't forget to give this video a thumbs
up and subscribe and i see or tomorrow
with another video peace out